Make markdown extensions configurable with Django settings (#69)
torchbox/wagtail-markdown: README.md

* Inline Markdown preview using [SimpleMDE](http://nextstepwebs.github.io/simplemde-markdown-editor/)

These are implemented using the `python-markdown` extension interface.

> You can configure wagtail-markdown with additional extensions using django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure wagtail-markdown to use additional Markdown extensions by via the `WAGTAILMARKDOWN_EXTENSIONS` setting.
```
